rpc: broadcastTxCommit: check if deliverTxResCh is still open, return an err otherwise (#2947)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

    - keep accums averaged near 0
- [types] \#2941 Preserve val.Accum during ValidatorSet.Update to avoid it being
  reset to 0 every time a validator is updated

> - [rpc] \#2408 `/broadcast_tx_commit`: Fix interface conversion: interface {} in nil, not EventDataTx error

Reviewer: This might be slightly too cryptic. Maybe:
```suggestion
- [rpc] \#2408 `/broadcast_tx_commit`: Check if (`deliverTxRes`) channel is still open before casting to expected type (`types.EventDataTx`)
```
